docs: docs update (#57)
vitwit/cada: README.md

# How It Works

> `Cosmos Chain`: Initiates the process by running the PreBlocker ABCI method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CADA(Cosmos Chain)`: Initiates the process by running the PreBlocker ABCI method.
```

`Request to Relayer`: Sends block range information to the relayer.

`Relayer`: Fetches the block data from the Cosmos Provider and posts it to the Avail Light Client.

`Avail Light Client`: Confirms whether the data is available.

`If Yes`: Broadcast the Avail height and status.

`If No`: Retry data submission.

> `Validators`: Vote to confirm the data availability, updating the status to "Ready" or "Failure" based on results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Validators`: Vote to confirm the data availability, updating the blob status to "Success" or "Failure" based on results.
```
